Joey what what are you doing here
waiting for my grandmother to finish my
laundry what about you I'm here to see
Mary Angela you are so the man you got
to be cool because my grandma doesn't
know about you two yet and you do not
want to tick her off she was like the
sixth person to spit on Mussolini's
hanging body
where's Mary Angela she's right in there
this tara misu is is excellent did you
make it Mary Angela no I did it's yummy
so uh Mary Angela
do you like it of course it's a favorite
so Mary Angela what's your second
favorite more grandma's tiramisu would
you just please give me the recipe cuz
this is great it's top notch but guys
with me so I excuse yourself and go to
the bathroom oh no I was just squinting
that doesn't mean anything just do it
we excuse me I have to hey finally I
thought we'd never be alone can I just
tell you something I have not stopped
thinking about you since the party
mm-hmm look I may have jumped the gun
here I just got out of a relationship
and I'm not really in a in a commitment
kind of place oh me neither God Mary
Angela was right you do have the softest
lips you're not Mary Angela no I married
cerise this is so bad if you're not
marry Angela then then who is I am oh
it's okay Joey you're it now run and
hide it's no big deal
Chandler was just kissing me cause he
thought I was Mary Angela
what how could you do that how could you
think she was Mary Angela I wasn't sure
which one Mary Angela was look I'm sorry
okay I was really drunk and you guys all
look really similar because you know
your brother's not gonna punch me oh
yeah
well that is usually what I would do but
I just never thought you'd be on the
receiving end of it how could you do
this Joey if you want to punch me go
ahead I deserve it but I just want you
to know that I would never soberly hurt
you or your family you're my best friend
I would never do anything like this ever
again so what I say punch it
gonna punch Chandler I'll do it no you
won't look he knows he did a terrible
thing and I believe him he's sorry but
you got one more apology to make
alright you gotta apologize to Mary
Angela okay absolutely alright
cookie now you could punch well